alrighty this is josh rubin from you so
i see on your performance today we're
just going to do a quick clip okay which
is not typically what i do i got this
from paul chek I've heard it from other
people have experimented with it and
this pretty much sums it up you can't
make chicken salad from chicken shit
okay so you have all these people out
there with diseases muscle problems
ligament problems nervous system
problems endocrine system problems and
mean system problems emotional problems
mental problems spiritual problems and
problem problems that we can't even
probably define so the funny thing is
like Paul says you I were to eat so if
you're getting starbucks you're eating
croissants you're eating pop-tarts well
that's what your body uses to make your
eyeballs to make your you regenerate
your skin make your organs support your
immune system well let's simplify it
okay we need protein carbs and fats in
our body and other minerals and
nutrients we're going to simplify it
proteins and fats that you eat make your
hormones they make your muscles they
make your bones they make your teeth
then make your ligaments and on and on
and on carbohydrates what we use here is
basically basically gluten free grains
and above-ground veggies those are the
field for your body to kind of make your
car in a sense move and go and give you
the energy it needs so if you're eating
conventional foods what we call the crap
diet can stand for a couple different
things coffee refined processed foods
aspartame and alcohol and pasteurized
milk or it can stand for our
conventional grains refined processed
foods additives and preservatives if
you're eating those things well that's
what you may not so the interesting
thing is there's a lot of people that
have ligamentous problems nowadays torn
ligaments torn acls ligament laxity my
ligaments too long I've joined
instabilities and you find this very
common in women but when people get
injured they don't even change their
diets or when people get sick they don't
even change their diet or lifestyle to
give their body the energy needs so if
you're trying to heal an ACL injury
let's say which is very common nowadays
okay or you try to heal a back injury
right you have a disc problem or you
have back pain well a lot of that stems
from ligament
jack city now we're just generalizing
but it does stem from janette laxity or
poorly main ligaments what Paul calls
piss-poor protoplasm okay so if you're
not eating organic foods you're not
eating food from the ground mother earth
that gives you the energy that you need
to regenerate well it's not going to
regenerate it's not going to rebuild and
it's not going to repair so experiment
you can do is get into a girt one
organic chicken one conventional chicken
okay cook them exactly the same time
when the exact same seasonings so
they're exactly the same okay take them
out of the oven and pull the
conventional chicken apart it's pretty
much going to fall apart the bones you
could probably cut through the bones the
ligaments you can tear the drumsticks
right off the cruciate ligaments are
very weak okay now taking an organic
free-range turkey okay that you cook
take it out cut the meat look at the
bones the bones are going to be a lot
different i can guarantee you have done
this myself before at the same time try
to rip the legs in the drumsticks off
the turkey the cruciate ligaments going
to be so strong that some people the
hardest time ripping them off even
myself sometimes i even have a hard time
cutting through the ligaments okay so it
just goes to show you it's a quick
simple experiment you know this isn't a
research experiment it's not backed by
research it's just real life research
okay you're going to see a big
difference in how these living creatures
are made by what they eat okay if you
want to learn more about this just do
more experimentation on yourself you can
actually read the book called
pottinger's cats okay he has a book and
a video it's a five minute video on cats
and he fed them the same you know if I'd
won one group litter raw milk and meat
in the only fed conventional cat food
and he showed through energy levels and
mood and wait personality generation to
generation and how the generation fed
conventional cat food died off and they
were weak and lethargic and they were
skinny and the the other cats that drank
raw milk and ate meat kept regenerating
and regenerating and then when they when
the cats died he would actually look at
the bone structure and he showed that
the cats were fed conventional cat food
and actually very weak brittle bones and
it holds in their bone
even in their skulls and they actually
had bones I weren't even fully formed
and then on the other side he showed
that the bones of the dead cats just
from age that Drake raw milk and meat
their bone structure was strong and they
didn't have holes in their bones so you
can learn more by about that about
pontius cats at the price Pottinger
foundation or Weston a price calm so
hopefully enjoyed this quick clip give
you some insight on what you eat what
you made out of remember you can't make
chicken salad out of chicken shit